Added new bazaar topic (#219)
SORSE/sorse.github.io: _bazaar/rse-in-germany-an-overview.md

---
author:
  email: janosch@mpi-cbg.de
  name: Stephan Janosch
looking: true
title: RSE in Germany - an overview
type: talk

> contributors: For this talk we need people speaking about activities within HRK (Hochschulrekorenkonferenz), Leibniz-, Helmholz and Max-Planck (already covered), Fraunhofer-Societies. Maybe a DFG person can be present as well and of course we could look at the NFDI. Local chapter can present themselves too!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contributors: For this talk we need people speaking about activities within HRK (Hochschulrektorenkonferenz), Leibniz-, Helmholtz and Max-Planck (already covered), Fraunhofer-Societies. Maybe a DFG person can be present as well and of course we could look at the NFDI. Local chapter can present themselves too!
```
